Copy edits across several pages (#766)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/overview/data-model-flexibility/narrow-data-model.md

In this model, each metric/tag-set combination is considered an individual
"time series" containing a sequence of time/value pairs.

> Using our example above, this approach would result in 9 different "time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the approach would result in 9 different time
```

I like to try and avoid directional language, because things move. It's also not great for a11y generally (screen readers, etc, don't offer a good concept for "above").

> series," each of which is defined by a unique set of tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
series, each of which is defined by a unique set of tags.
```

8. {name: temperature,  device_id: def456,  location_id: 335,  dev_type: roof}
9. {name: temperature,  device_id: ghi789,  location_id:  77,  dev_type: roof}
```
The number of such time series scales with the cross-product of the cardinality
of each tag, i.e., (# names) &times; (# device ids) &times; (# location ids)
&times; (device types). Some time-series databases struggle as cardinality
increases, ultimately limiting the number of device types and devices you can

> store in a single database.

Reviewer: I don't understand what this means at all. Also, please remove the Latin abbreviation.

TimescaleDB supports narrow models and does not suffer from the same cardinality

> limitations as other time-series databases do. A narrow model makes sense if you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
limitations as other time-series databases. A narrow model makes sense if you
```

> collect each metric independently. It allows you to add new metrics as you go by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
collect each metric independently. It also allows you to add new metrics as you go, by
```
